feat(sbb-divider): initial implementation (#1309)
lyne-design-system/lyne-components: src/components/sbb-divider/readme.md

# sbb-divider

> This is  div element with applied border.
> 
> The border can have two colors where the color applied depends on the negative property.
> 
> The divider can be vertical or horizontal based on the orientation property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sbb-divider` is used to visually divide sections.

Based on the orientation property, the `sbb-divider` can be displayed vertically or horizontally. 

```

> # **name**

Reviewer 2: Could you replace the placeholder and add a small documentation for this component?

Author: Done 👍
